From: "Anshul Shrivastava (anshushr)" <anshushr@cisco.com>
Date: Thursday, July 4, 2019 at 18:13
Subject: My LWDA-C with Cisco India has been commissioned as 9.AUG.2019, so here is a tentative farewell /

My last working day (or association) with Cisco India has been commissioned as 9.AUG.2019, so here is a tentative farewell /
Bcc: Exclusively only to intended recipients and team members. And in good faith.

Friends,                            
First and foremost, I may say sorry, I wasn't able to respond. Past many weeks, many of you were trying to reach me over phone and in emails, multiple times.

Second thing, over past many months, I had been implicated in certain xyg policy violation (confidential), so as a response I have had resigned. That's fine, well and good, fair enough. But I have strongly believed myself as not guilty and I may have liked to work here, for some time more. So have had honestly asked for a review again with all relevant panel members (Bcc: ed), with whom I had been talking. Based on their decision, you may see me back in absolutely normal routine or else my time ends in sometime. It take it normal. Every possibility exists, of course. I take it simple.

I had known Cisco India from year 2007 during WebEx acquisition stuff was going on in, at residency road office and later during year 2008, 2010 when construction was going on in outer ring road. Overall, Cisco India is good, excellent infrastructure, here at Cessna Business Park, Bengaluru. It's a good job done, for facilities, appreciate that. I never had aspiration (not even in eyes-closed dream) or a plan to work here but Cisco India got expanded exponentially, for example into Cisco Advanced Services or CX. And one day, I got hired here in DEC-2016. I may pay thanks for my selectors. Of course line-management only hired me here. They are big folks and they may someday have more things in their control. I wish them all good. I may have told my RM that I am joining MSFT, but that's a hoax.

For those who don't know, what I was working here: I can say I had worked for Barclays Edge Connect portal, ATT FirstNET portal and other ATT UI modules, Vodacom portal and in end, for Telstra assignment. It had been personally tough time, towards past many months but I have been myself able to keep nerves of steel and was able to successfully deliver entrusted assignment. Unofficially, but I have kept strong ethics and have had also helped my team on their repeated calls, on that particular day, when time was almost stopped for me.

Today's evening plan, I would simply visit an old Church at residency road and would calm there for 30 minutes : ), had been few times in life. My schooling had been at an excellent convent school that spawns over multiple acres of land. And most remembered teachers have taught me elementary English, Mathematics, Physics, Science and everything. What I am today, I credit almost all to them. I don't mention names of my favorite teachers (and mentors) here. It's a secret question (for my passwords) for me! I also have a WhatsApp group from my school and we are in touch. Most all of my school and college friends have chosen to work abroad, particularly USA and not at India, for their various reasons.

Sometimes someone may over-smartly devise a trick for you. But none can ever kill your soul, you can rebuilt yourself. Gradually. My understanding is that, seed for whole creation (infinite and overwhelming to human understanding) is information and that in turn creates matter, energy and whole of spacetime framework. Amazing is science, physics and mathematics. I love it and we very few of folks here, have talked to me often, at length on this. That is good time, yes. Many of you might have seen me following a lot of Physics at office, in my free time. Or even watching a favorite comedy TV show in free time. I had always cherished working at every workplace and usually stayed long hours at work, often meeting up unknown faces who would sometimes come up to me and say, hey you are still here, very good, what's your name! I never had to have any kind of fear working anywhere, anytime.

Towards, (may be possibly) end of tenure at Cisco India, I observed one strange thing. OMG, there's a some organizational bulge in operations and HR. And it's a mighty force. I never had to meet any HR, any time at Cisco before. I were installed here, entirely by recruiters. It's a bit different from other workplaces where HR/Operations teams are not alien like, presenting themselves impromptu, all of a sudden. And mostly, I have seen full control of line-management over HR/Operations everywhere. It had been different and altogether a new experience in my life. Anyways.

Another thing, I may say is I had been strong and terse in whatever I say or write, few of you may know, this is merely my most simple personality trait or some kind of a flair. So people may not like honesty and you may have to be different sometimes. Your communication can be fatal for you, avoid it. You may have to tell lies. And you may have to be dishonest or you may need to pretend things, for your advantage. Honesty may not be best policy, so may avoid it, even if you feel uneasy inside.

Last thing, I say is I may miss (if I get out finally) many of you. But I wish you all ground-level workforce to work-hard for your benefit and become better leaders someday for maybe hopefully a better world tomorrow. Word hard, grow big and do right things in your whatever capacity, you ever get in life. I end this letter with my forever love to our national emblem and to Satyamev Jayate text inscribed in it, by the grand Indian great king Aśoka the great.

It is now based on my final reviewers, I may get in to meet all of you, else you all may consider this as an official goodbye from me. I keep things simplest but complete and unambiguous, that's why I write this email, to you all. Cheers. Keep going, keep up good work. And those who may like, please keep in touch, but strictly unofficial purpose:

Ln https://www.linkedin.com/in/anshulsr/
FB https://www.facebook.com/anshulsr
Personal email Id: anshul.rsn@gmail.com
Mobile phone number: 9028032381


Thanks, ANSHUL
/


cid:image001.png@01D5328E.DFE94810


ANSHUL SHRIVASTAVA
Engineer. Software Engineering, CISCO GDC IN
anshushr@cisco.com
00-91-9028032381

CISCO SYSTEMS (INDIA) PRIVATE LTD SEZ Unit, Cessna Business Park
Kadubeesanahalli Village Varthur Hobli
Sarjapur Marathalli Outer Ring Road,
Bengaluru 560103, Karnataka
